WEDNESDAY,
DECEMBER 3RD, OF THE IRAQ WAR
DOWN FROM 2003 WHEN WE STARTED
WORKING WE HAVE OUR ANNUAL
INFORMATIONAL WAR ON
THANK YOU.
>> SO YES, WELCOME EVERYBODY.
AS REQUIRED BY STATUTE THE
D-DAY CONDUCTS TO INFORMATIONAL
MEETINGS ANNUALLY.
>> WE DO SO IN JUNE AND
DECEMBER.
>> SO THIS IS BASICALLY A SIX
MONTH REVIEW OF OUR WORK.
SO I WILL REVIEW THE TIF SYSTEM
,A PARKING SYSTEM AND THEN
SOME GENERAL DENHA INFORMATION
.
SO STARTING WITH THE TIP SYSTEM
AS YOU ALL ARE WELL AWARE WE
ARE IN THE PROCESS OF CREATING
A NEW DEVELOPMENT AND TEF PLAN.
WE ARE VERY CLOSE TO CONFIRMING
THAT THE FIRST COUNCIL ACTION
WILL TAKE PLACE AT THE DECEMBER
15TH MEETING THAT IS NOT
CONFIRMED YET BUT HOPEFULLY BY
TOMORROW IT WILL BE IF THAT IS
THE CASE THAT KICKS OFF THAT
STATUTORY PROCESS AND THAT
WOULD BRING US TO COUNCIL FOR
FINAL CONSIDERATION SOMETIME IN
APRIL.
WE HAVE ALSO BEEN WORKING ON A
NUMBER OF PROJECTS.
THE FOURTH EVERY CONSTRUCTION
PROJECT BEGINS THIS SPRING AS
DOES THE END STREET PROJECT.
WE'RE ALSO WORKING WITH THE
CITY ON THE NORTH MAIN STREET
TRANSPORTATION STUDY WHICH ALSO
HAS A LAND USE COMPONENT AND WE
WILL BE KICKING OFF CHARRETTE
STYLE PUBLIC ENGAGEMENT FOR
THIS STUDY AT OUR OFFICES IN
LATE JANUARY ANNUALLY THE DDA
TAKES ON ABOUT A HALF A MILLION
DOLLARS IN REPAIRS OVER THE
LAST SIX MONTHS THOSE REPAIRS
HAVE BEEN TO BREAK CONCRETE
FURNITURE, TREE GRADES, BIKE
PARKING DELINEATOR AS WE'VE
DONE ABOUT THIRTY ONE MINOR
REPAIRS AND AND SOME LARGER
REPAIRS ON FORTH BETWEEN
LIBERTY AND WASHINGTON ARE
ELEVATE PROGRAM IS ALSO BEEN
ACTIVE IN THE LAST SIX MONTHS
WE COMPLETED TWO OF OUR
PERMANENT INSTALLATIONS THE
DAVIDSEN SCAVENGER HUNT AND A
COLLABORATION WITH THE CITY
MURAL IN LIBERTY PLAZA.
WE HAVE FOUR PROJECTS THAT ARE
UNDERWAY.
WE HAVE OUR END STREET MURAL
PROJECT, OUR ASHLEY WAYFINDING
PROJECT, OUR FARMERS MARKET
SUNSHADE PROJECT AND A FOURTH
OF PLACEMAKING PROJECT THAT IS
BEING DONE IN COORDINATION WITH
THAT FOURTH OF CONSTRUCTION
PROJECT.
SO THIS IS A SNEAK PEEK AS PART
OF THE DAVIDSEN SCAVENGER HUNT.
WE ARE CALLING IT UNSEEN
ADVENTURES OF INNER HARBOR.
DAVID HAS CREATED TEN PERMANENT
INSTALLATIONS OF NADENE WHO YOU
SEE UP HERE ON THE SCREEN.
SO THIS WEEK WE'RE ACTUALLY
KICKING OFF A PROMOTION THAT
GOES ALONG WITH THIS
INSTALLATION.
WE'RE ENCOURAGING THE COMMUNITY
TO FIND NEEDIN IN THESE TEN
DIFFERENT SPOTS, SEE WHAT SHE'S
DOING, MAYBE WRITE A STORY
ABOUT WHAT DEAN IS DOING.
THERE'LL BE PRIZES IF YOU VISIT
OR FIND ALL TEN LOCATIONS AND
IF YOU GO TO OUR WEBSITE THIS
IS REALLY PROMINENT ON OUR HOME
PAGE IT THEN HAS ITS OWN PAGE
WHERE WE HAVE SOME REALLY
CLEVER CLUES FOR THE TEN
LOCATIONS.
>> SO WE WANTED TO KICK THIS
OFF KIND OF IN CONJUNCTION WITH
MIDNIGHT MAN IS COMING THIS
FRIDAY.
>> SO KEEP YOUR EYE OUT FOR
MORE OF NADEEN AND SWITCHING
GEARS TO THE PARKING SYSTEM,
OUR ANNUAL RESTORATION AND
MAINTENANCE OVER THE PAST SIX
MONTHS WE'VE BEEN WORKING AT
FOURTH IN WASHINGTON AT THE
MAINARD STRUCTURE AND AT FOREST
AND THAT IS THE PICTURE THAT
YOU SEE HERE ON THE SCREEN.
>> OUR SECOND PARKING RATE
INCREASE IN OUR THREE YEAR
SCHEDULE OF APPROVED RATE
INCREASES WENT INTO EFFECT JULY
1ST.
OUR FINAL INCREASE IN THAT IS
THAT RATE SCHEDULE WILL TAKE
PLACE THIS COMING JULY TWENTY
TWENTY SIX AND THEN WE WILL BE
REEVALUATING RATES AND THEN ON
TO SOME DAY GENERAL INFORMATION
.
OVER THE LAST SIX MONTHS STAFF
HAVE COMPLETED 12 SITE PLAN
REVIEWS IN THIRTY OF THIRTY
FIVE RIGHT OF WAY PERMIT
REVIEWS.
WE HAVE FILLED OUR PLANNING
SPECIALIST POSITION.
WE HELD THE ANNUAL BIKE A
PALOOZA.
WE LAUNCHED A DISCOVER DOWNTOWN
SERIES ON SOCIAL MEDIA AND ON
OUR WEBSITE.
THIS IS WHERE WE KIND OF DO A
DEEPER DOVE INTO THE PEOPLE
BEHIND SOME OF OUR BUSINESSES
DOWNTOWN ON THE DEVELOPMENT AND
TIF PLAN FRONT WE HAVE
PRESENTED TO THE SPARK BOARD
OF DIRECTORS PARKS ADVISORY
COMMISSION AND WE ALSO HELD A
COMMUNITY OPEN HOUSE COUNCIL
HAS BEEN GIVEN UPDATES IN JULY
,SEPTEMBER AND NOVEMBER WE DID
A DENHA ONE ON
ONE AT THE SPARK
BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT COMMITTEE.
WE ALSO PRESENTED THE FOURTH
OUR PROJECT TO THE COMMISSION
ON DISABILITY ISSUES AND THEN
FINALLY OUR DOWNTOWN BIKEWAY
DID RECEIVE THE MICHIGAN
ASSOCIATION OF LANDSCAPE
ARCHITECTS MERIT AWARD AND
OTHER THAN THANKING OUR TAXING
AUTHORITY PARTNERS I TO HEAR I
ENCOURAGE EVERYBODY TO SIGN UP
FOR OUR NEWSLETTER AND I THINK
YOU WILL
WELCOME THE
HELP.
YOU'RE VERY YOU'RE HEALTHY.
I LOVE YOUR SEAT OF FISHER
ANGELA JACKSON, YOUR TITLE IN
THIS ARTICLE ON EMAIL ABOUT
GROSSINGER VISIT.
OH VERY GO OVER THE FLORIDA
PUBLIC COMMENT AND RUN THE
PUBLIC OR WE'LL HAVE THREE
MINUTES.
GO GO.
SIGNED UP FOR YES INDEED WE ARE
GOOD ENOUGH FOR YOU.
YEAH WE'RE HERE TOGETHER IF
THAT'S OK.
HI.
WELL I'VE NEVER BEEN TO A BOARD
MEETING.
MY NAME'S EMILY WALL.
I'M CO-DIRECTOR OF THE DAYTIME
WARMING CENTER IF YOU'RE
FAMILIAR WITH THAT IT IS A
DAYTIME WARMING CENTER IN
DOWNTOWN ANN ARBOR THAT MOVES
BETWEEN DIFFERENT FAITH
COMMUNITY LOCATIONS AND IS BUT
WE'VE BEEN AROUND TEN YEARS AND
MANY OF GUESTS WHO FACE HOUSING
INSECURITY AND ARE HOUSED IN
ANN ARBOR COME THROUGH OUR
DOORS AND IT'S A PLACE THEY CAN
BE SAFELY BUT A HUGE PROBLEM WE
FACE THAT WE HAVE TRIED YEARS
TO SOLVE IS BUZZING WITH OUR
FRIENDS.
IF PEOPLE CAN'T MAKE IT TO OUR
WARMING CENTER AND THEN GET
STUCK ON LIBERTY ON THE STREETS
AT THE PUBLIC LIBRARY AND THEY
CAN'T MAKE IT SOMEWHERE THAT
THEY CAN SLEEP SAFELY WHERE
THEY ARE NOT HAVING CUP
INTERACTIONS, WHERE THEY ARE
NOT ABLE TO THEY'RE ABLE TO
REST AND HAVE LESS
DISTURBANCES.
AND SO WE'VE BEEN MEETING THE
RIGHT IN THESE FOLKS CAN TALK
MORE ABOUT THAT BUT THEY SENT
US YOUR WAY BECAUSE WE ARE AN
ENTITY THAT GETS GRANTS, LOOKS
AT FUNDING BUT WE HAVE NO
MECHANISM FOR SOME OF THE
PARTNERSHIPS THAT YOU ALL HAVE
AND THAT GO PAST IS AN
INCREDIBLE PROGRAM AND IT'S
TRAGIC THAT THERE'S NOTHING
GUESTS OF OUR WARMING CENTER
CAN USE AND THEY ARE JUST AS
MUCH A PART OF OUR DOWNTOWN
COMMUNITY AND NEED THE BASSIST
DESPERATELY IN NEED TO BE ABLE
TO ACCESS THAT AND IT'S REALLY
COOL THAT THERE'S LIKE CONQUER
THE COLD CHALLENGES HERE AND
ALSO REALLY HARD THAT CONQUER
THE COLD CHALLENGES HAVE
NOTHING TO DO WITH THE FOLKS
WHO ARE STUCK IN THE COLD ALL
DAY.
MANY CITIES HAVE PROGRAMS THAT
ALLOW FREE RIDES TO A WARMING
CENTER OR RIDES FOR GAS WARMING
CENTERS INCLUDING LANSING.
AND SO WE ARE TRYING TO FOLLOW
THEIR MODEL AND APPROACH THE
DEVELOPMENT AUTHORITY WITH A
DESIRE FOR MEETINGS AND A
PARTNERSHIP BETWEEN OUR
PROGRAMS JUST LIKE YOU DO WITH
THE GO PASS.
DO YOU ALL HAVE STUFF TO SAY
ABOUT THE RIDE?
YEAH, AND I GUESS LIKE KIND
OF FOR SOME CONTEXT ON HOW
GUESTS ARE USING THE BUS.
SO THE WARMING CENTER IS BY
TOKENS IN BULK FOR A DOLLAR
FIFTY APIECE.
CAN WE.
IS IT POSSIBLE SINCE THERE'S
LIKE THREE OF US IF WE COULD
HAVE A BIT MORE TIME.
YEAH A BIT BUT YEAH SO FOR
SOMEBODY TO RIDE THE BUS LIKE
FOR ONE WEEK THEY'RE PAYING
OVER THE WARMING CENTERS ARE
PAYING OVER FIFTEEN DOLLARS
WHICH IS WHAT THE GO PASS COSTS
FOR THE ENTIRE YEAR AND WE'RE
LIKE WE I FEEL LIKE WE HAVE
OPTIONS TO FUNDRAISE BUT THE
RIDE HASN'T REALLY MADE THAT
POSSIBLE FOR US AND HAS PUT US
AS LIKE BASICALLY THEY SAID
RECONTACT US IN TWENTY TWENTY
SIX WHEN THEY'RE DOING LIKE A
FAIR STUDY BUT LIKE THIS YEAR
WE'RE ALREADY OUT OF TOKENS AND
THEY'RE REALLY HARD TO COME BY
SO YEAH WE'RE HOPING SOME SORT
OF PARTNERSHIP AND WE'D BE
WILLING TO LIKE KIND OF WORK
WITH Y'ALL TO FIGURE OUT HOW TO
FUND THE PROGRAM BUT TO LIKE
HAVE THE DAYS LIKE KIND
OF PARTNERSHIP ON SOMETHING
LIKE A GO PASS WOULD BE REALLY
AMAZING.
I THINK THAT I THINK THAT'S ALL
THAT YEAH.
AND WE'RE HAPPY TO EITHER TAKE
SOMEBODY'S INFORMATION TO
FOLLOW UP OR GIVE AN EMAIL TO
CONTACT.
YEAH,
YEAH WELL YOU OR OR
YES.
SEND ME AN KNOW OBVIOUSLY MR.
DETAIL WHAT YOU'RE LOOKING FOR
WAS THERE ARE SOME THINGS THAT
IF YOUR EMAIL ON THE WEBSITE
YEAH.
OK THANK YOU SO MUCH EASIER TO
MICROPHONE TYPE BETTER SORRY I
KNOW THAT I SAID KNOW THAT UH
SO FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE
RECORD INDICATED THAT IF THE
PEOPLE THAT SPOKE DURING PUBLIC
COMMENT WOULD CONNECT WITH ME
DIRECTLY THEN I'LL BE GLAD TO
TRY TO SEE IF THERE'S SOME WAY
WE CAN SUPPORT THEM.
THE SECOND ITEM I WANT TO BRING
UP IS SIMPLY TO MENTION I'M
GOING TO BE ASKING ANYONE THAT
IS PART AND PARCEL INVOLVED
WITH THE HOSPITALITY ELEMENT
OF ANN ARBOR TO PUSH SAFETY
BEHAVIORAL MESSAGING WHEN WE
HAVE LARGE SPORTING EVENTS AND
I'VE BEEN IN COMMUNICATION WITH
THE UNIVERSITY OF MICHIGAN.
>> SO FOR CONTEXT, LET ME BACK
UP.
>> WE KEEP STATS ON WHAT
HAPPENS EVERY TIME THERE IS A
MAJOR EVENT IN TOWN.
WE KNOW FOR EXAMPLE, WHEN
THERE'S A FOOTBALL GAME HOW
MANY PEOPLE GET EJECTED AT A
STADIUM WE TRACK WE KNOW HOW
MANY FIGHTS WE BREAK UP.
>> WE KNOW HOW MANY RUNS WE
MAKE FOR PEOPLE WHO HAVE HAD
TOO MUCH TO DRINK AND JUST
CAN'T NAVIGATE.
YOU COULD SAY THAT SOME TYPE
OF BEHAVIOR LIKE THAT IS GOING
TO GO ALONG WITH A MAJOR
SPORTING EVENT.
BUT THE REASON I'VE BEEN MORE
BEING A LITTLE MORE BOISTEROUS
ABOUT IT THIS TIME IS WHAT
HAPPENED AT THE LSU GAME
CROSSED THE LINE.
WE HAD TWO INDIVIDUALS ONE A
FAN OF BOTH TEAMS AFTER THE
GAME IN PIONEER HIGH SCHOOL IN
THEIR CARS TO LEAVE GET INTO AN
ARGUMENT THEN GOT OUT OF THEIR
CARS AND ONE PERSON END UP
GETTING STABBED THAT CROSSES A
LINE AND SO IT'S INCUMBENT UPON
ALL OF US TO ENCOURAGE PEOPLE
TO EXHIBIT PROPER BEHAVIOR.
WE'RE NOT GOING TO STOP
DRINKING.
>> I'M NOT TRYING TO DO THAT.
BUT BASED ON THE EXPERIENCES
THAT I'VE HAD IN OTHER PLACES,
IF WE DON'T DOUBLE DOWN ON
PUSHING THE RIGHT KIND
OF BEHAVIOR ONCE SOMETHING LIKE
THIS HAPPENS IT WILL BECOME
COMMONPLACE AND THAT'S WHAT YOU
CAN'T HAVE.
>> SO I'M I'M ASKING THE
UNIVERSITY WE'RE GOING TO BE
COMMUNICATING WITH PUBLIC
SAFETY AT THE UNIVERSITY.
WE'RE GOING TO BE TALKING WITH
OFFICIALS AT COLUMBUS BECAUSE
THE GAME IS THERE NEXT YEAR
THAT EVERYBODY HAS A
RESPONSIBILITY TO ENCOURAGE
EVERYBODY YELL AS LOUD AS YOU
WANT TO BE THE KIND OF FAN YOU
WANT TO ARGUE BUT IT'S GOT TO
STOP AT THAT POINT.
SO I'M JUST MENTIONING IT HERE
BECAUSE WE'RE DEALING WITH IT
RIGHT NOW AND I THOUGHT IT WAS
TIMELY TO BRING IT UP.
>> THANK YOU, MILTON.
>> WITH ANY OTHER DENHA MEMBER
COMMUNICATIONS SEEING NONE WILL
MOVE ON TO THE CONSENT AGENDA
TO HAVE A MOTION TO APPROVE.
THANK YOU MICHAEL.
DO HAVE A SECOND SECOND.
THANK YOU ALL IN FAVOR
OF APPROVING THE AND LET ME
OPEN IT UP FOR DISCUSSION IF
THERE IS ANY PRIOR TO A VOTE
SEEING NONE WE'LL MOVE TO A
VOTE ALL IN FAVOR OF APPROVING
A CONSENT AGENDA.
PLEASE SAY I I I'LL POST
PLEASE
SAY NO CONSENT AGENDA IS
APPROVED.
MOVING ON NEXT UP WE HAVE
COMMUNICATIONS.
>> THE FOLLOWING COMMUNICATIONS
ARE INCLUDED IN YOUR PACKET.
YOU HAVE THE DAY STAFF REPORTS
AND THE FBI TWENTY SIX FIRST
QUARTER FINANCE REPORT AT THIS
TIME I'D LIKE TO INVITE SARAH
TO THE PODIUM TO REVIEW THE
FIRST QUARTER FINANCIALS.
IS THERE READY TO GO
.
THANK YOU KELLY AND GOOD
AFTERNOON EVERYONE.
WE HAVE THE FIRST QUARTER
FINANCIALS TO LOOK AT TODAY.
WE'LL GO FOLLOW THE SAME FORMAT
THAT WE HAVE FOR A BIT NOW TIF
SYSTEM PARKING SYSTEM AND THEN
WE'LL LOOK AT AN INVESTMENT
OVERVIEW.
SO OVER THE TIF SYSTEM AT
QUARTER ONE REVENUES ARE AT
NINETY SIX PERCENT AND
EXPENDITURES ARE AT THREE
PERCENT KIND OF A WIDE RANGE
THERE BUT NOT ENTIRELY NOT
TYPICAL FOR US REVENUES DO TEND
TO COME IN VERY EARLY IN THE
YEAR WE WERE AT NINETY SIX
PERCENT AT THIS POINT IN THE
YEAR LAST YEAR AS WELL ON THE
EXPENDITURE SIDE THIS IS A BIT
SLOW FOR US AND MOST OF THAT IS
RELATED TO SIPI OPERATIONS AND
ADMIN IS KIND OF ON TRACK.
IT'S THE IP THAT'S REALLY THE
THE BIGGEST PORTION OF THE
BUDGET AND IS KEEPING THAT
NUMBER LOW AS IT'S ABOUT ONE
PERCENT RIGHT NOW AND THAT'S
JUST RELATED TO TIMING OF THE
THE PLANNED RENEWAL WHICH HAS
BEEN COMPLICATED AND EXTENDED
PROCESS MOVIE GOT TO ASSETS
WE'RE AT ABOUT JUST JUST UNDER
TWENTY FIVE BILLION EXCUSE ME
AT NINE THIRTY COMPARED TO JUST
UNDER TWENTY LAST YEAR SO ABOUT
A TWENTY SIX PERCENT INCREASE
AND THAT'S MOSTLY CASH AND
INVESTMENTS RELATED TO THAT
FUND BALANCE BEING RELATED TO
THAT SPENDING BEING SLOW
LIABILITIES ARE ABOUT FOURTEEN
PERCENT UP AND THAT'S A TIMING
ISSUE RELATED TO PAYABLES.
WE DON'T HOLD MUCH OF ANYTHING
ELSE IN OUR LIABILITIES IN
PAYABLES DO TEND TO BE VARIABLE
OVERVIEW THEN FOR THE BUDGET
LOOKING FROM TWENTY ONE TO TO
TWENTY SIX ACTUAL TO BUDGET
TWENTY SIX THE FUND BALANCE IS
AT FIVE POINT SEVEN PERCENT SO
ABOUT FIFTY EIGHT PERCENT
OF REGULAR REVENUES AND THAT'S
IN KEEPING WITH OUR FUND
BALANCE POLICY FOR THIS FUND.
WE'LL MOVE ON TO PARK THE
PARKING SIDE REVENUES ARE AT
THIRTY ONE PERCENT AND
EXPENDITURES AT NINETEEN IS
PRETTY TYPICAL FOR US AGAIN
WE'RE SIX POINT SEVEN MILLION
COMPARED TO THE TWENTY FOUR
POINT TWO DOLLARS MILLION
BUDGET ABOUT THIRTY ONE PERCENT
OF BUDGET AT TWENTY FIVE
PERCENT OF THE YEAR.
SOME OF THAT IS DUE TO MARKET
RATES BEING UP.
THE REST IS IS PRETTY EVENLY
DISTRIBUTED THROUGH THE YEAR
AND WE'RE AT ABOUT TWENTY A
LITTLE OVER TWENTY FIVE PERCENT
FOR PARKING FEES EXPENDITURES,
THE ADMIN AND OPERATING IN THE
CITY TWENTY PERCENT ARE ALL ON
TRACK GRANTS AND SIPI ARE JUST
A LITTLE UNDER AT KIND OF 16 TO
19 PERCENT AND DEBT AND
CONTINGENCY OR ZERO TRANSFERS
AS A NEW CATEGORY FOR US THAT'S
THE TRANSFER OUT TO THE OUR
FUND AND THAT'S ONE HUNDRED
PERCENT.
>> SO GRANTS AND AP AGAIN ARE
PRETTY NORMAL FOR US AT THIS
POINT IN THE YEAR AND
CONTINGENCY AS WELL.
OUR DEBT PAYMENT THE BIGGEST
PART OF THAT COMES IN THE
SPRING SO THAT'S ALWAYS LOW AT
THIS POINT IN THE YEAR ASSETS
ABOUT A SIXTEEN PERCENT
INCREASE AND AGAIN RELATED TO
THE SPENDING BEING JUST A
LITTLE BIT DOWN AND LIABILITY
IS ABOUT A 10 PERCENT INCREASE
AND AGAIN THAT'S AP
FLUCTUATIONS THAT ARE NORMAL
OVERVIEW THEN THE BUDGET IS UP
RIGHT NOW WE'RE AT NINETEEN
POINT SEVEN PERCENT WHICH IS
EIGHTY TWO PERCENT OF OUR
BUDGET AND THAT IS ABOVE OUR
FUND BALANCE POLICY BUT WE'RE
ONLY A QUARTER OF THE WAY INTO
THE YEAR IF IT CONTINUES THAT
WAY BY YEAR END WE'LL BE
LOOKING AT THE TWENTY SEVEN
BUDGET AND SETTING THAT
ACCORDINGLY TO BRING THAT FUND
BALANCE DOWN AND THIS IS ALL
RELATED AND TIMING ON PROJECTS
.
SOME OF OUR SOME OF THE THINGS
THAT WE HAVE ORDERED HAVE BEEN
SLOW IN COMING IN PROJECT
TIMING VERY OFTEN FLUCTUATES
THAT WAY.
WE TEND TO BUDGET IT A LITTLE
EARLY AND WE HAVE THE ABILITY
TO ROLL IT FORWARD SO MOVING ON
THEN TO THE INVESTMENT
OVERVIEW.
SO LAST YEAR AT THIS TIME WE
WERE AT JUST UNDER FORTY THREE
MILLION OR AT FIFTY FOUR
MILLION CURRENTLY WE HAVE OUR
INVESTMENTS ARE ALL IN THE SAME
PLACE THAT THEY WERE LAST TIME
YOU SAW THIS REPORT BANK OF ANN
ARBOR MANAGES MOST OF OUR
INVESTMENTS.
THEIR QUARTERLY REPORT IS
POSTED ON OUR WEBSITE AND
THERE'S NOT A LOT OF CHANGE
FROM LAST QUARTER TO THIS
QUARTER.
EARNINGS ARE DOWN A BIT BUT OUR
ONE YEAR EARNINGS ARE AT FOUR
POINT TO SEVEN FOR BANK FARNABY
AND AT NINE THIRTY WE'RE AT A
THREE POINT SIX PERCENT WITH A
DURATION OF ONE POINT EIGHTY
EIGHT YEARS FOR THE YIELD
MARKET.
OUR MONEY MARKET ACCOUNT IS
DOING AT ABOUT FOUR POINT FOUR
PERCENT WHICH AGAIN IS JUST A
SLIGHT CHANGE FROM A LITTLE BIT
OF A DROP FROM WHERE WE WERE
LAST YEAR.
OUR POOLED INVESTMENTS WITH
MYSHKIN CLASS ARE HOLDING AT
FOUR POINT THREE PERCENT SO
THAT'S PRETTY CLOSE TO WHERE IT
WAS BEFORE.
THEY'RE NOT SEEING THAT
DOWNTURN IN THE MARKET THAT THE
OTHER FUNDS ARE SEEING AT THIS
TIME.
I'M MOVING ON.
IF NOBODY HAS QUESTIONS WE'LL
MOVE ON TO SOME NOTES.
>> THE AUDIT IS COMPLETE THE
CITY AUDIT COMMITTEE RECEIVED
THE AUDIT YESTERDAY AND IT IS A
CLEAN AUDIT.
IT WILL BE THIS BOARD WILL
RECEIVE A PRESENTATION FOR THE
AUDIT IN JANUARY.
>> SO THAT'S SOMETHING TO LOOK
FORWARD TO WITH THE COMPLETION
OF THAT WORK.
THE DESIGN REPORT CAN BE FILED
AND THAT WILL BE DONE SOON.
>> THE NEXT NEXT KIND OF STEPS
AND ACTIVITIES IN THE FINANCE
DEPARTMENT.
WE'LL BE WORKING ON A
PROCUREMENT POLICY AND WE'LL
MOVING INTO FY TWENTY SEVEN
BUDGET WHICH IS THE SECOND YEAR
OF OUR TWENTY SIX TWENTY SEVEN
BUDGET.
>> SO IF ANALYSIS COMES IN KIND
OF WHERE IT WAS BEFORE WE
SHOULDN'T SEE MUCH CHANGE.
MOST OF THE LINE ITEMS WILL
REMAIN THE SAME AND WE'LL TWEAK
THOSE NUMBERS THAT WE NEED TO
AND BRING THAT BACK TO YOU.
THE SPRING.
ANY QUESTIONS?
VERY MUCH.
I'M SARA.
>> ONE QUICK QUESTION.
OH ALL RIGHT.
WHEN LOOKING AT THE REVENUES
UNLIKE PARKING WE ABOVE
EXPECTED IN TERMS OF LIKE TOTAL
I THINK WE ARE AT ABOUT TWENTY
SEVEN TWENTY EIGHT PERCENT
RIGHT NOW COMPARED TO TWENTY
FIVE PERCENT OF THE YEAR.
SO A LITTLE BIT NOT MUCH YEAH
SO YEAH NEGLIGIBLE BUT THERE IS
SOME IMPROVEMENT IN TOTAL
NUMBERS BASED ON OUR
PROJECTIONS CORRECT.
YES.
LAST YEAR THE USAGE WAS UP A
BIT SO WE DID JUST A LITTLE AND
THE THE REVENUES CAME IN A
LITTLE HIGH AT YEAR TWO AND
IT'S IT'S PARTLY I SAY HIGH BUT
WE TEND TO BUDGET THOSE
REVENUES CONSERVATIVELY SO WE
ALWAYS COME IN A BIT HIGH
UNLESS THERE'S A PANDEMIC COVID
LOW.
>> THANK YOU.
YOU'RE WELCOME.
THAT WE'LL WRAP UP OUR
COMMUNICATIONS.
I DO HAVE ONE ITEM UM SO WE
HAVE A WORK SESSION ON DECEMBER
17TH EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE
RECEIVED TWO GRANT REQUESTS AT
OUR MEETING JUST PRIOR TO THE
BOARD MEETING ONE FOR THE STATE
STREET BUSINESS FORMATION AND
ONE FOR FIVE HUNDRED THOUSAND
TO SUPPORT THE WILLOTT
DEVELOPMENT FOR HOUSING
COMMISSION AND RELATED MIDWEST.
>> WE'VE INVITED JENNIFER HALL
AND A MEMBER OF RELATED TO WORK
SESSION.
>> WE GOT SOME INFORMATION ON
THE FINANCING MODEL BUT IT'S A
BIG COMPLICATED PROJECT SO WE
EXPECT TO GET SOME MORE
INFORMATION FROM THEM AHEAD
OF THE MEETING WHICH KELLY WILL
DISTRIBUTE IN OUR PACKETS.
>> BUT I HOPE MANY OF YOU IF
NOT ALL OF YOU CAN COME TO THAT
WORK US AND HEAR ABOUT THE
PROJECT AND THE GRANT REQUEST.
ANYTHING ELSE WE'VE GOT TO
PUBLIC THAT WILL TAKE UP TO
PUBLIC COMMENT.
WE ONCE AGAIN HAVE THE
OPPORTUNITY.
>> ANYONE WHO WISHES TO ADDRESS
THE BOARD WILL HAVE THREE
MINUTES.
KELLY WILL KEEP YOUR TIME.
DO WE HAVE ANYONE WHO WISHES TO
PUBLIC COMMENT?
>> YES ASTRONEMA I HAVE BEEN
THINKING ABOUT THAT REQUEST
THAT WAS
MADE AND I'M VERY
SUPPORTIVE THAT I'M A DOWNTOWN
RESIDENT SO I SEE DIRECTLY THE
IMPACT OF BEING HOUSED AND
ESPECIALLY HOW DIFFICULT IT IS
IN THE COLD MONTHS AND THAT
SOUNDS LIKE A VERY INNOVATIVE
PROGRAM.
I THINK THE DDA COULD BE
INVOLVED IN THE SAME WAY THAT
THE GO PAST WORKS.
THAT'S REALLY BRILLIANT IDEA
AND I HOPE MR. DILLON, YOU ALSO
CARRY FORWARD THANK YOU, MR.
HANUMANT.
IS THERE ANYONE ELSE WHO WISHES
TO PUBLIC COMMENT AT THIS TIME
SEEING NONE?
DO WE HAVE A MOTION TO ADJOURN
SECOND THANK YOU ALL IN FAVOR
ADJOURNING PLEASE SAY I ALL
OPPOSED.
PLEASE SAY NO.
I ADJOURNED.
>> THANK YOU